External web extension (#274)
ElrondNetwork/docs.elrond.com: docs/wallet/wallet-extension.md

---

> Popularly referred to as the "future of money," Maiar currently has a robust web wallet extension known as the **Maiar DeFi Wallet Extension**. This extension is a powerful Elrond Wallet extension that effectively automates and reduces the steps and time required for users to interact with Elrond Decentralized apps.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion (optional):
```suggestion
Popularly referred to as the "future of money," Maiar currently has a robust web wallet extension known as the **Maiar DeFi Wallet Extension**. It is a powerful browser extension for the Elrond Wallet that effectively automates and reduces the steps and time required for users to interact with Elrond Decentralized apps.
```

The Maiar DeFi Wallet can be installed on Chrome, Brave, and other chromium-based browsers. This extension is free and secure, with compelling features that allow you to create a new wallet or import existing wallets, manage multiple wallets on the Elrond mainnet, and store Elrond tokens such as EGLD, ESDT, or NFTs on the Elrond Network with easy accessibility.

Let's walk through the steps how to install and set up the Maiar DeFi Wallet extension:

## Prerequisites

### Add Maiar DeFi Wallet to your browser

* On the [Chrome Web Store Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/category/extensions), search for **Maiar DeFi Wallet.** and add it to your browser,
  ![maiar-defi-chrome](/wallet/wallet-extension/wallet_extension_step1.png)

* Confirm the action in the pop-up.
  ![maiar-defi-install](/wallet/wallet-extension/wallet_extension_step2.png)

* You should receive a notification that the extension has been added successfully. 
  ![maiar-defi-install-pop-up](/wallet/wallet-extension/wallet_extension_step3.png)

### Set up Maiar DeFi wallet
* Once it has been successfully installed, click on the extension to get started.

> * You will be served two options: you can either *Create new wallet* or *Import existing wallet.*

Reviewer: Minor suggestion (optional):
```suggestion
* You will be presented with two options: you can either *Create new wallet* or *Import existing wallet.*
```

Choose either of these networks.

*More information about these networks is contained subsequently in this documentation.*

## Connecting the Maiar DeFi Wallet to Maiar Exchange App 

> You can now connect Maiar Exchange to the Maiar DeFi wallet in real-time. With this connection, you will be able to log in to the Maiar exchange using the Maiar DeFi wallet extension in a few steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now connect Maiar Exchange to the Maiar DeFi wallet in real-time. With this connection, you will be able to log in to the Maiar Exchange using the Maiar DeFi wallet extension in a few steps.
```

**Follow these steps to proceed**:

* First, on the [Maiar Exchange](https://maiar.exchange/) page. In the right section of the page, click "connect."

![Connect](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52820835/150523862-a5605524-2bfe-437b-9546-100e97e3629b.PNG)

* The Maiar DeFi wallet extension opens up. Select "***Maiar DeFi Wallet***" from the options displayed.

![coonect DeFi Wallet](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52820835/150524225-0ffe49b0-d572-4ba3-8716-a29adc9ea6ea.PNG)

* Enter your password and connect to your Maiar wallet.

![Connect with password](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52820835/150524256-b53e9885-2fc7-48bb-9d27-a81a55dc7ceb.PNG)

*Give us less than a minute.*

* In a split second, the Maiar Exchange home page automatically reloads. You’ll notice your account has been added on the right section of the page.

*How easy!* One last step!

![connected](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52820835/150524553-5c418e4b-0a57-409d-9b0f-6385c65acff6.PNG)

> Successful 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Success 🎉
```
